OK so first off hi, i am mark. i like to do cs stuff. but anyways i wanted to complain about os. firstly im a 4th year student at uw madison, pretty cool eh? one of the about billion cs majors. but unlike most of them imma spend my time write my complains on the internet on my own site, that either no one will see or the wrong people will see. but anyways that a tangent.

OS...
at the beginning of the semester i was like this is gonna be my class, this is less math and some actual interesting development. and to be completely fair i really like the class material and along with our textbook(OSTEP). but gosh this class is set up horrendiously. first off right there is little to no classes offered at madison that cover C, or C++ for that matter. there is one class machine organization, which touches on C, but that is not the main focus. so like me coming in to this class, if you are not aware i have spent just about all my life in python a some in java. i understand atleast what is hopefully expexted for a 4th year student in terms of programming. but then, this class has to be all in C, which ok that fine i guess or so i thought. the first 2 projects were nothing to talk about but the 3rd one, implementing a shell. like bro i thought i knew how to parse a string, well that is not the case it turns out. 

just like ok, i'm also a TA of a python class, and like learning a new language is a bit confusing with the syntax and what not. but like commands are given to the students so they can effectively exercise the problem solveing thought process.
at this point im just complaining, but like at some point write you should give us a list of commands to use right? cause like the course's available None of them actaully taught us C, and we do not just magically think this stuff up. 

and at like this point right, i think that most students will just give up and use an LLM to write the projects cause like they don't know the methods and the commands to make the function that they are trying to do. so i thin that there needs to be a change in the way that classes are taught, professors/TAs need to provide students with everything that they need to complete the project which can be applied differently for each class.

the professor shoud give their students a list of commands that they would suggest using, and links to the domcumentation. i think that should be the bare minimun. 

that gives students a larger set of tools if they are not super into C ... (which for this class should be expected) and a reason to motivate students to not use an LLM. ofc there will be students that will still cheat(using LLM) but its the job of the professor/TA's to have the students learn. and to my understanding my operating systems class is about operating systems not learning C.